---
icon: fas fa-fingerprint
order: 7
---

Last updated: {% last_modified _tabs/privacy-policy.md %}

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

## Interpretation and Definitions
### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.

- **Affiliate** means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.

- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to I Trade Today.

- **Cookies** are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.

- **Country** refers to: Germany

- **Device** means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.

- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

- **Service** refers to the Website.

- **Service Provider** means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.

- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

- **Website** refers to I Trade Today, accessible from [https://itrade.today](https://itrade.today)

- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collection and Retention of Personal Data
We (Company, Service, Website) do not collect personal data of any kind. We do not require user accounts, logins and we do not collect email addresses. No personal information is collected nor stored.

## Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service. Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We (Company, Service, Website) do not utilize cookies or tracking technologies. Netlify [(https://netlify.com)](https://netlify.com), which is the hosting provider for this website, may utilize methods to track site traffic and/or usage. You are advised to consult their Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. 

## Links to Other Websites
Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page and will update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: <a href="javascript:location.href = 'mailto:' + ['contact','itrade.today'].join('@')">contact@itrade.today</a>